1. What is Http? Http Is a set of rules with how you communicate between a browser and a web server.
2. What is URL? Url's are unique identifiers used to locate anything on the internet. It tells a web browser how and where to retrieve a resource. There's a protocol, domain, and a path in Url's
3. What is DNS? Stands for Domain Name System, they act like a phone book for the web. it maps human readable url's to the ip adress that host that site.
4. What is a query string? A query string is a way to pass information to a server through a URL. It can be used for search queries, filtering, and tracking.
5. What are two HTTP verbs and how are they diffrent? Some methods get and put. Get retrieves something from the server. Put completly replaces a resource on the server.
6. What is an HTTP request? Its a request to the server sent from a client to request data or perform actions on the server.
7. What is an HTTP response? It's a structured message sent by a server in reply to a client's Http request.
8. What is an HTTP header? Give a couple of request and response headers you have seen. Request headers provide information from the client side to the server, influencing how the server processes the request.
A request example looks like www.example.com, while a response looks like `Content-Type: text/html; charset= UTF-8`
9. What are the processes that happen when you type "http://somesite.com/some/page.html" into a browser? First it parses the url to determine the protocol, domain, and path. then it checks the browser to see if its cached if not it queries to the dns server,
the dns server then responds with the ip address. after it performs a TCP handshake with the server, followed by sending an Http Get request to the server. The server then processes the request, locates the resources, and prepares the response.
The browser then receives the Http response from the server. Lastly the browser parses the Html, fetches additional resources, applies styles, executes scripts, and renders the content to the screen.
